# appcfg

`appcfg` is the Gladly App Platform command line configuration tool. Apps provide
a mechanism for tightly integrating outside systems into the Gladly platform.

Use the tool to develop, test and build Gladly App Platform applications.

The documentation for the tool's commands can be found [here](docs/appcfg-docs.md).

Documentation for the Gladly App Platform can be found [here](https://connect.gladly.com/docs/developer-tutorials/article/app-platform-overview/).

## System Requirements

Mac OS X 10.15 Catalina or later (Intel or Apple Silicon)

Windows 10 or later (64 bit Intel)

Windows Server 2016 or later (64 bit Intel)

Linux Kernel version 2.6.32 or later (64 bit Intel)

## Installation

Note that the executables are currently not signed and will trigger a security
warning the first time you run the tool. You will need to update security settings
relevant for your operating system in order to allow the tool to run.

Download the appropriate zip file based on your operating system and architecture
from the [Releases](https://github.com/gladly/app-platform-appcfg/releases) section on this page.

| OS / Architecture | Zip |
| ----------------- | --- |
| Mac OS X Apple Silicon | appcfg-{version number}-mac-apple.zip |
| Mac OS X Intel | appcfg-{version number}-mac-intel.zip |
| Windows 64 bit Intel | appcfg-{version number}-win.zip |
| Linux 64 bit Intel | appcfg-{version number}-linux-intel.zip |

## Enabling Auto Completion

Make sure that you have auto complete enabled for your shell and then run the
following from the command line. Auto complete requires that the `GLADLY_APP_CFG_ROOT` environment 
variable is set for the app that you are currently developing.

### zsh

`source <(appcfg completion zsh)`

### bash

`source <(appcfg completion bash)`

### PowerShell

Run the script generated by `appcfg completion powershell`

## Documentation for Previous Versions
[v0.9.27](https://github.com/gladly/app-platform-appcfg-cli/tree/v0.9.27)
