## appcfg-docs add oauth password

Create the oauth configuration folder and all relevant files for the password grant type

### Synopsis

Creates the "authentication/oauth" folder containing the HTTP request configuration
for requesting an OAuth access token using the password grant type. For consistency,
it is recommended that required OAuth configuration attributes are named in accordance
with the naming in the OAuth specification.

e.g. integration configuration for the password grant type
```
{
  "configuration": {
    "client_id": "",
    "username": ""
  },
  "secrets": {
    "client_secret": "",
    "password": ""
  }
}
```

This command will also create the HTTP Authorization header template in the
"authentication/headers" folder. OAuth uses bearer authentication and in many
cases the standard HTTP Authorization header is used for specifying the OAuth
access token. In the case that the system you are integrating with does not
utilize the Authorization header, simply replace the "Authorization.gtpl"
header template file with the header that is required by the external system
you are integrating with.

The following configuration files will be created:

authentication/oauth/config.json
--------------------------------
The config.json file contains the grant type used for authentication. It should
not be necessary to modify the contents of this file.

authentication/oauth/access_token/config.json
---------------------------------------------
The access request config.json file contains the HTTP meta data for making
HTTP requests for retrieving the access token.

authentication/oauth/access_token/request_url.gtpl
--------------------------------------------------
This template will be used to create the HTTP request URL for retrieving the
access token. This template has access to the following template data attributes:

- correlationId
- integration

authentication/oauth/access_token/request_body.gtpl
---------------------------------------------------
Depending on the HTTP request method, this template will create the HTTP request
body for retrieving the access token. This template has access to the following
template data attributes:

- correlationId
- integration

authentication/headers/Authorization.gtpl
-----------------------------------------
This template creates the Authorization header value needed to authenticate each
data pull and action requests. This template is pre-populated and should not
require modification if your integration configuration conforms to the naming
scheme outlined above. The Gladly app platform stores the retrieved OAuth access
tokens in the ".integration.secrets.access_token" attribute. This template has
access to the following template data attributes:

- correlationId
- integration


```
appcfg-docs add oauth password [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -c, --content-type string   Content-Type of the request body when http-method is POST, PUT or PATCH
  -h, --help                  help for password
  -m, --http-method string    one of GET,POST,PUT,PATCH,DELETE
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -r, --root string   root folder for the app configuration; alternatively set the
                      GLADLY_APP_CFG_ROOT environment variable
```

### SEE ALSO

* [appcfg-docs add oauth](appcfg-docs_add_oauth.md)	 - Create the oauth configuration folder and all relevant files for the specified grant type

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Oct-2024
