## appcfg add oauth

Create the oauth configuration folder and all relevant files for the specified grant type

### Synopsis

Creates the "authentication/oauth" folder containing the HTTP request configuration(s)
for requesting an OAuth access token. Currently grant type "client_credentials" and
"password" are supported. It is recommended that required OAuth configuration attributes
are named in accordance with the OAuth spec. for consistency.

e.g. integration configuration for the password grant type
{
  "configuration": {
    "client_id": "",
    "username": ""
  },
  "secrets": {
    "client_secret": "",
    "password": ""
  }
}

This command will also create the HTTP Authorization header template needed for
providing the OAuth access token with each data pull and actions request. Look
at the "Authorization.gtpl" file in "authentication/headers".

The following configuration files will be created:

authentication/oauth/config.json
--------------------------------
The config.json files contains the grant type used for authentication. The
"grantType" attribute will be populated using the grant type you specify
as part of executing this command.

authentication/oauth/access_request/config.json
-----------------------------------------------
The access request config.json file contains the HTTP meta data for making
HTTP requests for retrieving the access token.

authentication/oauth/access_request/request_url.gtpl
----------------------------------------------------
This template will be used to create the HTTP request URL for retrieving the
access token. This template has access to the following template data attributes:
- correlationId
- integration

authentication/oauth/access_request/request_body.gtpl
-----------------------------------------------------
This template will be used to create the HTTP request body for retrieving
the access token. This template has access to the following template
data attributes:
- correlationId
- integration

authentication/headers/Authorization.gtpl
-----------------------------------------
This template creates the Authorization header value needed to authenticate each
data pull and action requests. This template is pre-populated and should not
require modification. The Gladly app platform stores retrieved OAuth access
tokens in the ".integration.secrets.access_token" attribute. This template has
access to the following template data attributes:
- correlationId
- integration


```
appcfg add oauth {grant type} [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for oauth
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -r, --root string   root folder for the app configuration; alternatively set the
                      GLADLY_APP_CFG_ROOT environment variable
```

### SEE ALSO

* [appcfg add](appcfg_add.md)	 - Add various configurations

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 22-Apr-2024
