## appcfg apps install

Install an application to be available in the Gladly App Platform

### Synopsis

The 'install' command installs the application you built into your Gladly Hero organization.

- Filename Requirement:
  Provide the full path to the ZIP file you built using the 'appcfg build' command. The file must have a '.zip' extension. Using any other file type will result in an error.

- File Size Limit:
  The maximum allowed file size for the ZIP file is 5 MB. If your ZIP file exceeds this size, please contact Gladly Support for assistance.

- Testing:
  Ensure you have tested your application using the 'appcfg test' command before installing it. Refer to 'appcfg test -h' for more information on testing your application.

- Validation:
  Only valid applications can be installed. Your application can be validated using the 'appcfg validate' command. Refer to 'appcfg validate -h' for more information on validating your application.

- Configuration
  After installing the application, you'll need to configure it using the 'appcfg apps config create' command. Refer to 'appcfg apps config create -h' for more information on configuring your application.


```
appcfg apps install [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --filepath string   the filepath to the zip created by the 'appcfg build' command
  -h, --help              help for install
  -t, --token string      API token for Gladly user; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_TOKEN environment variable
  -u, --user string       Gladly user email associated with the API token; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_USER environment variable
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -g, --gladly-host string   Gladly host; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_HOST environment variable
  -r, --root string          root folder for the app configuration; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_ROOT environment variable
```

### SEE ALSO

* [appcfg apps](appcfg_apps.md)	 - Manage, configure, and debug various aspects of your Gladly app platform apps

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 17-Jul-2025
