## appcfg apps config delete

Delete a configuration from an application

### Synopsis


Delete an app configuration from the platform. Active configurations must be deactivated before they can be deleted.

WARNING: Deleting a configuration is irreversible and can have significant side effects. All users of the deleted configuration, including any services or features dependent on it, will no longer receive data. Ensure that no critical processes depend on the configuration before proceeding. It is strongly recommended to deactivate the configuration and monitor the system for several days to confirm there are no unexpected issues before deletion.

Recommended Steps:
1. Deactivate the configuration if it's active:
  'appcfg apps config update "<configuration_name>" --deactivate'

   After deactivating the configuration, monitor the system to ensure there are no unexpected repercussions. It is recommended to wait several days to confirm that deactivating the configuration does not negatively impact any critical processes.

2. Delete the configuration:
  'appcfg apps config delete "<configuration_name>"'


```
appcfg apps config delete {configuration ID | configuration name} [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for delete
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -g, --gladly-host string   Gladly host; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_HOST environment variable
  -r, --root string          root folder for the app configuration; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_ROOT environment variable
  -t, --token string         API token for Gladly user; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_TOKEN environment variable
  -u, --user string          Gladly user email associated with the API token; alternatively set the GLADLY_APP_CFG_USER environment variable
```

### SEE ALSO

* [appcfg apps config](appcfg_apps_config.md)	 - Create, update, delete and check outdated configurations related to your Gladly app platform apps

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 24-Nov-2025
